Liars and Truth Tellers
=======================

After spending so much time around his cows, Farmer John has 
started to understand their language. Moreover, he notices that 
among his N cows (2 <= N <= 1000), some always tell the truth 
while others always lie.

FJ carefully listens to M statements (1 <= M <= 10,000) from his 
cows, each of the form "x y T", meaning that "cow x claims cow y 
always tells the truth" or "x y L", meaning that "cow x claims 
cow y always tells lies". Each statement involves a pair of 
different cows, and the same pair of cows may appear in multiple 
statements.  

Unfortunately, FJ believes he might have written down some entries 
in his list incorrectly, so there may not be a valid way to 
designate each cow as a truth teller or a liar that is consistent 
with all the M statements on FJ's list. To help FJ salvage as much 
of his list as possible, please compute the largest value of A 
such that there exists a valid way to designate each cow as a 
truth teller or a liar in a manner that is consistent with the 
first A entries in FJ's list.

PROBLEM NAME: truth

INPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: Two space-separated integers, N and M.

* Lines 2..1+M: Each line is of the form "x y L" or "x y T",
        describing a statement made by cow x about cow y.

SAMPLE INPUT:

4 3
1 4 L
2 3 T
4 1 T

INPUT DETAILS:

There are 4 cows and 3 statements.  Cow 1 says that cow 4 lies, 
cow 2 says that cow 3 tells the truth, and cow 4 says that cow 1 
tells the truth.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: The maximum value of A such that the first A entries in 
        FJ's list can be consistent with some assignment of "truth 
        teller" or "liar" to the N cows.

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

2

OUTPUT DETAILS:

Statements 1 and 3 cannot both be satisfied at the same time, but
statements 1 and 2 can be, if we let cows 1..3 tell the truth and 
cow 4 be a liar.